README.md, before:

# Notesaur

Create and manage notes customizable with labels, theming, media and markdown

## TODO

### Features

-   [x] Masonry grid
-   [x] Actions menu - pin, show, delete, share, duplicate, change color, change labels
-   [ ] Labels - sidebar filters/management
-   [ ] Lazy loading for notes
-   [ ] Sort notes by last edited
-   [ ] Sorting options
-   [ ] Note modal
-   [ ] Navbar options - changing theme, changing column count, changing note format (portrait, landscape, toggling masonry)
-   [ ] Dark theme
-   [ ] Markdown support
-   [ ] Interface and notes settings
-   [ ] Actual preview for link annotations
-   [ ] Notes selection - action from menu propagate to all
-   [ ] Note creation
-   [ ] Note search
-   [ ] Favorites
-   [ ] Reminders
-   [ ] Note comments
-   [ ] Map with location
-   [ ] Documents upload [all kinds]
-   [ ] List of uploaded files with preview
-   [ ] Videos upload
-   [ ] Note export
-   [ ] Spaces/notebooks for grouping notes
-   [ ] Authentication
-   [ ] Database
-   [ ] Multi-factor authentication
-   [ ] Note sharing
-   [ ] Desktop widgets like Sticky Notes

### Improve

-   [ ] Screen height bug
-   [ ] Clicking anywhere on the note should trigger the Actions Menu
-   [ ] Sidebar height
-   [ ] Note list padding when sidebar is open

### Import from Keep

-   [ ] Import zip
-   [ ] Upload all json files and attachments
-   [ ] Add label Restored-hash to all imported notes
-   [ ] Option to create all new labels or no
-   [ ] Automatically change attachments filePath from .jpeg to .jpg

### How to setup your server

Commit message:

chore: added keyword mapping feature to todo list

README.md, after:

# Notesaur

Create and manage notes customizable with labels, theming, media and markdown

## TODO

### Features

-   [x] Masonry grid
-   [x] Actions menu - pin, show, delete, share, duplicate, change color, change labels
-   [ ] Labels - sidebar filters/management
-   [ ] Lazy loading for notes
-   [ ] Sort notes by last edited
-   [ ] Sorting options
-   [ ] Note modal
-   [ ] Navbar options - changing theme, changing column count, changing note format (portrait, landscape, toggling masonry)
-   [ ] Dark theme
-   [ ] Markdown support
-   [ ] Interface and notes settings
-   [ ] Actual preview for link annotations
-   [ ] Notes selection - action from menu propagate to all
-   [ ] Note creation
-   [ ] Note search
-   [ ] Favorites
-   [ ] Reminders
-   [ ] Note comments
-   [ ] Map with location
-   [ ] Documents upload [all kinds]
-   [ ] List of uploaded files with preview
-   [ ] Videos upload
-   [ ] Note export
-   [ ] Spaces/notebooks for grouping notes
-   [ ] Authentication
-   [ ] Database
-   [ ] Multi-factor authentication
-   [ ] Note sharing
-   [ ] Keyword mapping for labels/notebooks and for all
-   [ ] Desktop widgets like Sticky Notes

### Improve

-   [ ] Screen height bug
-   [ ] Clicking anywhere on the note should trigger the Actions Menu
-   [ ] Sidebar height
-   [ ] Note list padding when sidebar is open

### Import from Keep

-   [ ] Import zip
-   [ ] Upload all json files and attachments
-   [ ] Add label Restored-hash to all imported notes
-   [ ] Option to create all new labels or no
-   [ ] Automatically change attachments filePath from .jpeg to .jpg

### How to setup your server
